St. George 's Castle and Gare do Oriente are within a 20-minute drive from the property .
We asked a taxi service from the reception and were given 5 minutes waiting time .
This accommodation is also known as Holiday Inn Amsterdam Arena Towers , Holiday Inn Arena Towers , Holiday Inn Arena Towers Hotel , and Holiday Inn Arena Towers Hotel Amsterdam .
Plus I saved money by not needing to take a taxi to the train .
I expressed my unhappiness at checkout on Friday morning , and the lady working behind the desk , COULDN ’ T CARE LESS .
I was at the hotel for a 2 day conference .
We enjoyed the pool , the beach , and the city were we enjoyed several great meals .
This time it happened to be literally right outside our room window .
The spicket for shower in the bathroom was very loose and I felt like it might fall off .
my opinion on this matter probably does not get much consideration , but if you stay more than 2 nights , why not give guest a break on self parking cost Excellent sweets with privacy for sleeping while others watch TV in the living room .
From the first moment to the last we were treated with exceptional service by friendly staff .
There is free Wi-Fi throughout , and onsite parking is available for an additional daily fee .
He was so friendly and even bought us medicine for an allergic reaction we experienced from face lotion .
Lastly , and the most annoying was a squeaky bathroom door .
Some days we walked from the hotel and I would say it was a good 30 minute walk to get to the main tourist sites .
The couches in the living area had stains on them .
Our room was always clean and the bed was super comfortable as well .
And room was so noisy even i 'm hearing the people talking in my next room .
The hotel offers excellent value for money , with spacious and clean rooms in a practical location .
I was not concerned about amenities and just needed a safe secure place for an overnight short stay .
It also offers free Wi-Fi , a meeting room , concierge services , laundry facility and a 24-hour front desk .
We were very pleased with this reasonably price hotel so close to the Atlanta Airport .
When coupled with the outstanding service provided by our team , your stay will become a holiday for all the senses .
Mine appeared to be furnished with castoffs that had been found on the curb after college students threw them out as junk .
The hotel bar is open into the wee hours , and there are many restaurants within walking distance .
Their staffing could smile a bit more and overall give a pleasant atmosphere both face to face and over the phone .
Staff and concierge was extremely helpful , the hotel was clean and the accommodation was comfortable .
The room was very small and uncomfortable and the walls were so thin you could hear the snoring from the next room .
Other amenities by this hotel include a 24-hour front desk , children ’ s pool , pool sun loungers , an onsite children ’ s playground , arcade/game room , an outdoor hot tub , TVs in common areas , and free Wi-Fi in public spaces .
I understand people need service animals and they are trained to do their job .
We put the ‘ do not disturb ’ sign on our door both days and both times someone went into our room and cleaned it , which I thought was strange .

Upgraded units add kitchenettes , wooden floors , and separate living areas .
A mini-bar is also offered and some also feature floor-to-ceiling windows or skylights .
Single bed in the room was dreadful - you could feel every spring .
These extra charges were not shown on the Expedia website .
Set in a red brick building , GuestHouse Inn & Suites Nashville Music Valley is set in Music Valley Drive and less than two miles from the famous Grand Ole Opry .
The Time Warner Centre is a six-minute walk from the hotel .
PLEASE DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR YOUR TIME AND STAY HERE .
The Staff was very accommodating and tried to assist in any way : ) A suggestion only , to please keep all the animals on 1 floor and in a certain area only .
Again not sure if there were pet 's previously or if there was lint , dust or some other allergen but it was bad .
The description of the rooms on hotels.com said the rooms had two queen beds .
I was not aware of this additional fee when I booked the room .
Could n't ask for a better place to stay in Berlin .
Other hotels have it ready as soon as you get there even if their check in is at a later time .
Good location , and good value , though you get what you pay for .

There are various eateries and pubs within a close range from the hotel .
The bathtub was pretty gross , but nothing more than just grime .
Everything was clean , perfect , and The best part is that there is a mall behind the hotel .
The hotel was in a good location for Central London , the staff were friendly and the luggage room was really useful on the days we arrived and left !
What I didn ’ t like was the lack of details , in the pics they show a game room and golf .
We had our granddaughters with us and where totally discussed room there where cocaroaches in the bathroom so big that we couldn ’ t stay besides that the sofa bed was so old my granddaughter wouldn ’ t sleep because you could see the worn out springs and our beds where the same very old and worn out .
You can spend half the price at other hotels , even on the same block and have the exact same experience .
excellent location , good room and clean one , i recommend When I checked out I was informed I could pay with my card only in Korunas , which sounded fine to me according to all the advice I 'd read about which currency to use .
We did find our rook small and we had trouboe with the tv and the heathg system needng fixng .
Very good four star hotel with excellent fitness and wellness as a pleasant surprise .
We had a full suite with two bedrooms , each with a barhroom , and a living room and full kitchen .
This is where I 'll be staying in Berlin from now on .
It ’ s run wonderfully well with a very social atmosphere of a beer garden .
My only complaint is that there was very low water pressure in the showers , but other than that everything was great .
The room was extremely humid , as in you walk on floor and your socks get wet ... you probably do n't want to walk on floors barefoot they are so dirty .
Do n't be fooled by the pictures , the room we stayed in looks literally NOTHING like them , because it is a COMPLETELY different apartment in layout , cleanliness , and quality .
Only issue was construction work inside hotel courtyard with loud power tools started at 7:30 AM on Sunday morning !
This is my second , and last , stay here as both times I was put in a room I specifically requested not to be put in .
I arrived very early in the morning and was allowed to check in immediately .

It is opened in July 2005 and is categorized with four stars .
Had to wear shoes in the room or the carpet turned your feet black , had to shower in the dark with phone flashlight after clerk was notified is was broke , mold all over bathroom , when you walk in the smell of mildew is overwhelming !
In the wellness area you will find modern fitness equipment , two saunas , steam bath , solarium and a separate relaxation area .
Guests select from an elegant assortment—placing ideals of renewal and rejuvenation at the forefront their conceptual design—of rooms .
Had we had more time I would have loved to explore the neighborhood a lot more .
1st they were giving me a hard time checking in so I didn ’ t get the room I paid for 2nd every night I was there we never been asked to show our key card !
Steps from the Friedrichstrasse shopping district and the Berlin Wall Memorial , the H+ Hotel Berlin Mitte offers modern , family friendly accommodations and indoor parking .
We went out to eat came back the the tv would not work again .
I stayed for one night at this hotel , it is advertised as free parking but in reality it has 4 parking spaces but they provided parking at another hotel a few minutes drive away ( I 'm guessing a sister hotel ) it took about 5 minutes walking back .
They had painters outside on the balcony so we couldn ’ t even see the ocean or open our curtains .
Area dining spots include Juicy Gyros , Sazon Cuban Cuisine and Cholo ’ s On The Beach .
Apartments feature one , two or three bedrooms and include TV with international channels , stereo , air conditioning and Wi-Fi .
BREAKFAST , YUMMY , GREAT STAFF , AND A GREAT DINNER.TOO STAFF AT THIS PLACE IS , AS NICE , AS WE HAVE BEEN ( WE BEEN A FEW PLACES ) .
They were so rude about everything that I had 1 1/2 hour to find another place to stay or they were n't going to refund my money .
Other than that the room was clean and comfortable but no remote for the TV .
The Alhambra palace is just over one and a half kilometres away .
Room only included one wash cloth for the three of us.The room was supposed to be nonsmoking but smelled like nothing but smoke .
They let you park your car in their lot without extra charge and you can walk to Disneyland in a jiffy .
Very fun place to vacation just wish the weather would have cooperated .
Including the breakfast option was also a good savings idea and the rooftop terrace of the hotel gave us another view of the city and a nice place to unwind and enjoy a refreshment .
We stayed here during Spring Break March 3-March 10 - The views were great ( there really is n't a bad view ) .
not good for families-we had adjoining rooms , but the nightclub kept us up all night , or at least until 3am when the music stopped .
The room overlooking the pool was decent in size and comfortable .
All guest rooms feature a hair dryer , TV and Wi-Fi access .
Have stayed here many times before but the place is becoming rundown and in need of some serious cleaning and maintenance .
This was on a March day when outside temp was close to zero or maybe even below at night .
The location was 10 easy steps to the metro and this made it worth it .
The 13 rooms are spread out over four levels and feature traditional decor and wooden furniture .
Very close and convenient location to the A T and T Center .
SACO St Pauls - Red Lion Court offers accommodation in London .
Highly recommend it , and if possible have a great meal at the rib room .
The rooms and the living room between them were clean and well furnished .
The 315 On A By Stay Alfred is located just 500 metres from Boston Convention and Exhibition Center , offering modern and comfortable apartments in the heart of Boston .
What I see as a problem is only it is sometimes difficult to find out .
There were periods when it would work well and others when it was almost nonfunctional .
The elegant , wood-furnished rooms come with complimentary beer and water minibar , cable TV , free Wi-Fi , private bathroom with hairdryer , telephone , desk and safe Derag Livinghotel Henriette has a 24/7 reception desk , concierge service and guests receive free use of the hotel ’ s wellness centre , which includes a sauna , steam room and well-equipped gym .
Out of four nights , we had to sleep at anight ambiant temperature of 25° Celsius , as you can not open the window , due to noise caused by car traffic and also the mosquitoes would prohibited any open window at night .
Hilton Atlanta Perimeter Suites is nestled within the business district of Atlanta .
Valencia ’ s ancient cathedral is a few minutes ’ walk away , as is Xativa Metro Station with rail access to the airport .
My stay was amazing and I have absolutely zero complaints .
The staff is really professional and few are very friendly .
The hotel was under renovation and the rooms we had had not been updated , but they were good and the service was very good I would highly recommend this hotel to my friends and family .
I thought that was very awesome for them to do !
Not bad for the money .The best thing about the hotel is it 's location .Staff were all nice and helpful Nice relaxed atmosphere , no rules and regulations like some big hotels , this hotel is very clean and in an ideal location , we had a sea view twin room with a balcony on the 6th floor , room 624 , we stayed there 8th to the 13th Feb 2017 , the food was very good always a good choice , we had Yorkshire puddings and roast chicken one night , the breakfasts are very good , they serve crispy bacon and normal rashers but it is streaky bacon , sausages passable , with the evening meal I got a bottle of house wine for 7.40 Euro which I think is a very good price for a hotel , if you do n't manage to drink it that night you can save it for the next night , they just put a sticker with your room number on it , I took mine up to the cabaret room , they did n't seem to bother about that even though there is a bar in there .

Think the price is OK , should be owed to Key West in general .
The Zetter Townhouse Clerkenwell is within one-half mile of Smithfield Market , the Museum of London , Old Bailey , and Sadler ’ s Wells Theatre .
Good location , get beach setup with your own 'plot ' every day .
The location is excellent in terms of proximity to the RER - Port Royal ( right in front of the hotel ) , Luxembourg Gardens ( right across the street ) and a bank , boulangerie and a handful of restaurants .
For the price , I wo n't stay again due to the golf and spa issues .
Very convenient as they have a free shuttle that takes you to the airport .

Stay was fine ... was there asa result of the storm knocking out power to where I was staying ...
There is a railroad track which interrupted sleep , but was able to sleep otherwise .
Odd little window in the bathroom so close the sliding bathroom door if you dont want wakened by the daylight .

Atlanta city centre is 12 miles away with attractions such as the Martin Luther King Center , the CNN Center , Piedmont Park and Philips Arena , which hosts concerts as well as sporting events .
Just wanted a night 's accommodation in Hamburg before my return flight next mornng .
*The iron did n't work ( hence leaving the pants in the closet ) *The bathroom sink was clogged the first day .
